Welcome back everyone.
In this lesson what I will do is actually just to demonstrate to you how to create a new environment.
The reason I want to create the environment is to make sure that whatever that we create in our applications
for the purpose of in our case machine learning development we want to be have it self-contained or
the applications that we make use of it's not tarnished or being confused by other applications installation.
So in this case we're going to create a brand new environment.
So let me come to this screen here.
So this is the lending screen.
As soon as you start the navigator you come to this screen here.
And usually once you have a few environments you're waiting for you to switch.
Environment is just from this dropdown.
Notice that I have three environments here.
I'm not going to make use of any of these.
I'm going to create a brand new one in order to create a brand new environment.
What we do is that we come to the second tab here and just click on it.
Notice that it's highlighted in green in order to create a new environment.
We make use of this button down here called Create.
Notice that once you toggle your mouse over a mouse over the it's lit up in green.
So we'll click Create and this new environment.
I'm just going to code in Python something meaningful for myself so that I can recall what it is.
You can actually name it something that is relevant to you that you can remember for the purpose of
your project.
So the next thing is to go and select the actual package.
In our case we're going to make use of the latest Python Python three point seven.
Actually three points already out but for the purpose of this trip point seven is sufficient.
And the other thing to take note of is the location where this environment is being created.
And once you've actually taken all of all of that all you have to do is just click Create and usually
this process takes somewhere between three to five minutes to complete.
It's not too long if you want to feel free to go and freshen up get a drink or grab a cup of coffee
or something that or beverage that works for you.
Once that is done the progress bar will no longer show as it was installing you would have noticed the
progress bar was actually updating and what you have here is that this portion tells you the actual
environment that you are working on and this portion here tells you a couple things by clicking on this
dropdown.
It shows you the library that it's been installed.
What is in store what is not in store.
So do these other things that you can actually select.
I'm going to leave it to you to play around with that as and when we do need to for some of the library
that we need to make use of for the purpose of our lesson.
I'll show you how to install those once the environment is being created we come to the come back to
the home.
And this is not do take not the environment that we've selected now others but in our case we do make
use of this environment I've created recently.
And the next part is that I'm going to make use of Jupiter lab and maybe notebook as well to install
these too.
I can install within environments but in this case I'm going to install it here just using just clicking
on this install button.
Don't worry about the the the the core gooey little bit funny.
I'm not too sure why it's always been like that for Anaconda but doesn't actually do anything.
There's just not no damages here is just looks a little bit untidy unfortunately.
But once it's finished the store doesn't exit the impact on the overall in terms of the actual running
of the application itself.
So that's pretty much it.
Once they've installed there will be a blue box with the word launch and as your mouse over the whole
box is changed to the cut into the kind of blue so this portion here what we've to cover in terms of
this lesson is two things One is how to select the environment how to create the environment using the
second tap here and once basically click on Create and put in the name.
Select the python version and click the create button and after that I showed you how to install a at
the lab as well as notebook.
That's pretty much all that I want to cover.
It is the shot less than just to actually show you how to HD get up and running really quickly for the
purpose of of learning and making use of any content from here.
So for that to stop right here.
Thank you once again for watching.